[CCUBE-1885][P] add nav, footer logo, update disclaimer and copyright text for sgw (#780)
LifeSG/react-design-system: stories/footer/footer.mdx

<Canvas of={FooterStories.StretchedLayout} />

## Hidden Logo

> The logo can be hidden, aligning the links to the left most area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally hide the logo, by doing so, the links will be aligned to the leftmost area.
```
